Viraji patch 2 (#35)
thegooddocsproject/thegooddocsproject.github.io: decisions.md

## The Good Docs Project Decisions

### Criteria for Decision Making

Decisions are based on voting using the following:

    +1 : For
    +0: Mildly for, but mostly indifferent
    0: Indifferent
    -0: Mildly against, but mostly indifferent
    -1 : Strongly against. This is expected to be accompanied by a reason.

> For most decisions, a motion is raised within one of TheGoodDocsProject open forums (slack, email list, etc) and those present vote and decide. Should a decision:
> 
>     Be strategic or impact many within TheGoodDocsProject,
>     Or if there is contention in deciding, and after discussion at least one member is still strongly against the motion, by continuing to vote -1,
> 
> Then the motion should be referred to the PSC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most decisions, a motion is raised within one of TheGoodDocsProject open forums (slack, email list, etc) and those present vote and decide. A decision should be referred to the PSC only if:

- The decision is strategic or could impact many people within TheGoodDocsProject
- If there is contention in deciding, and after discussion at least one member is still strongly against the motion, by continuing to vote -1
```

Reviewer 2: We don't need to worry about fixing this lift-and-shift of the decisions page in this iteration.
It is about to get updated again based on https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hwdA2Gh3ePUFXk4juu7mSoAraxV-BDiarXaPCOY6K3w/edit

Author: Noted.
